SUNDAY 04/10/2026

Hi my pretty beautiful SUPER CUTE baby 😁😁 I love you so much, I hope you had a good night's sleep.

I know today might be a rough day considering you've got two tests (sorry for reminding you) and that you're probably on your period now.. But don't worry, I've got it figured out. You do your tests and I will deal with your period through that flo app digitally somehow and do some sort of hacking to stop your period from doing bad things to you 😎

I really love you my baby, and I don't know why but since 2 days ago I just randomly started having an endless spiral of thought over you. I can't stop thinking about you and I can't stop right now either. I love you, I really do. I love how close we are, I love how loving you are to me, I love how I get slightly scared that you'll be mad at 10:30pm because I'm still not in bed yet 😅

I love you Jory and I want you to know that you're genuinely so hard working baby. Every single day there's just something so amazing about you that I get to see and adore all over again. In my mind I'm always in a conflict about not wanting this day to end wanting the day to end. I never want the day to end because I just want to be with you forever, I need you forever. And on the other hand I want the next day to come so I can see the new things about you that I can love, so that I can get closer to you even more for another day.

I love you with all my heart, and no matter what happens baby, I'll always love you and you'll always be the number 1 in my heart, in my mind, in my world, because you're my everything, genuinely my everything baby. You're everything to me and I love you. I love my beautiful girl so much.

I'll take really good care of you this week 😎, if at all you feel something bad whether physically or emotionally or mentally, tell me baby, I'll fix it all up for you IMMEDIATELY 😎😎❤️❤️. Speak your mind to me, and tell me everything you feel no matter what it is that you feel or are thinking of. Lean on me and let me love you through every single thing you feel and think of. I love you so much, I want to always take care of you, take care of my beautiful little girl ❤️

I promise to love you through everything and I promise to love you more and more every single day. Good luck on your tests today baby ❤️❤️, and don't cast a magic spell on me to fall asleep when you're doing your arabic test...

I love you Jory, I love you so so much my cute baby schoolgirl 😁😁, I love you with all my heart, forever and more. ❤️
